Hyakuman nin no tame ni
utawareta love song nanka ni
Boku wa kantan ni omoi wo
kasanetari wa shinai
Koi seyo to semeru
kono machi no kihon kouzou wa
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
Souzou shiteita yori mo
zutto mirai wa genjitsuteki dane
Kuruma mo shibaraku
sora wo hashiru yotei mo nasasousa
Soshite kyou mo
chikatetsu ni nori
Mukuchi na tanin to
machi ni okizari ne
Dakara lonely, lonely, setsunakute
kowaresouna yoru ni sae
Lonely, lonely, kimidake wa
original love wo tsuranuite
Lonely, lonely, aitakute
kogoesouna mainichi ni
Kotoba ni dekinai koto wa
murini shinai kotoni shita
Ano hito dake kokoro no seikantai
Wasuretai ne
Love me, love me,
tsuyoku yowai kokoro
Kiss me, kiss me,
aseru hitorino yoru
WELCOME TO OKINAWA
It's hot! What's with this sun?!
It goes right through my skin!
It's great! Okinawa isn't like Japan.
Really. The color of the green
leaves and blue sky...
...are completely
different from Tokyo.
Among the Okinawa Islands,
we are on Ishigaki Island.
The average temperature
is 24 degrees Celsius...
...and the average
humidity is 74 percent.
Relatively speaking, the island
is closer to a subtropical zone.
Yes. And the towns were designed...
...based on Fusui
(geographical fortune reading).
Certainly, it is influenced...
...by Chinese culture rather
than Japanese. That means...
Can't you two just enjoy this
like the rest of us?
All right. Please listen up...
Listen. This is part of class.
Be sure to act as good students.
Don't lose control.
I'm sorry. I guess this misfired.
Onizuka! What's with your outfit?!
We didn't come here to play!
What are you talking about?
Of course we came here to play!
Otherwise, why would we come
to a terribly hot place like this?
I can't believe you are.!
Wait. How can you speak
like that to the sponsor of this trip?
Sponsor?
I wonder whom we owe
for such a luxurious school trip?
Hey, everyone! Who is that?!
Onizuka!
All right! Everyone! Lose control!
And let's have
a memorable summer!
- Yeah!
- No! Don't give in to his temptation!
This is a school trip!
Hey! Are you listening to me?!
Wow! Can we stay
at such a posh hotel?!
This is super luxurious.
Hey, everyone. We have time
until the rooms are assigned.
Shall we go to the ocean?!
It's a blue sea! With a coral reef!
- Hey, Kikuchi...
- Oh, no!
Yeah...?
- After all, she didn't come...
- I brought only my school swimsuit.
I mean Miyabi...
- Right...
- Hurry up! Let's go!
Hey, watch where
you're walking, Yoshikawa!
You're really dumb!
Sorry...
Don't say "sorry." Say "I'm sorry."
I'm sorry.
Wait...
It's not a good idea, Anko.
He's on Onizuka's side.
If he tattles, you'll get paid back.
It doesn't matter.
I can't stand someone like him...
...who depends on
someone else for protection.
If he wants to tattle, let him!
Wow! What a radical statement!
"A Boy Riding on a Dolphin"
by Michiru Jo!
Teacher? Is this
how to make a sunshine tattoo?
No, no! You have to paint harder!
Otherwise,
you can't shut out the sun.
Wow!
Look at mine, teacher!
- Wow! That's good!
- Teacher. Draw mine, too!
All right. Wait a minute.
What are you doing, Onizuka-sensei?
Sunshine tattoos.
When I was little, I did this a lot.
Wow, it looks fun. I wonder
if you can draw one for me...
Sure. What would you like?
Can I get letters?
Whatever you like!
Well, it's a little embarrassing...
...but can you write
"Love" on my arm...?
Love?!
Are you serious?! You're not
a junior high student anymore.!
It's embarrassing, teacher!
You don't need to laugh at me!
You said I could get whatever.!
Hey, hey, hey! What's that?
A tattoo?
Please draw one on me, too!
Oh, Murai. You already have one.
You've got
a special one on your back.
What's this?!
That's great!
Now it's too embarrassing to swim!
Move!
They're so stupid!
They aren't kids anymore!
Hey! Yoshikawa!
What is it, Uehara-san?
Well, I'm thirsty. Can you go
and buy me juice? 100% grapefruit.
I want orange juice.
I want apple cider. Thanks!
Well, sure...
What's the matter?
Why don't you go?
Ah, the money...
Are you going to let girls pay?
That's terrible! He's the worst!
He'll never, ever get a girl.
There.
That's what you wanted, right?
I'm counting on you, Boy!
Hurry up, please!
It's fun to pick on him.
He always obeys what we say.
School trips are really tough.
Even here at a resort,
I'm really tired.
This year's third-year students
are especially restless.
It was easy to handle
the students last year...
How about going out on the town
for an "overview meeting" tonight?
I've just heard at the front desk.
There is an interesting store...
An interesting store...?
I don't think it's a good idea...
Don't worry. Once in a while,
teachers need to have fun!
- Right, Vice Principal?
- That's right!
So what kind of store is it?
What's that?
Room assignments.
Room assignments?
You haven't done it yet?
Well, we're at a resort.
So I'm rearranging them.
I've thought this may not
be interesting enough...
Now we're going to be giving you
your room assignments.
After receiving
a printout for each class...
... please take your
baggage to your room.
Do you understand?
Excuse me, teacher...
I can't find my room...
What? You were forgotten?
How uncool!
It sounds like Yoshikawa!
His existence is almost invisible.!
What are you talking about?
Yoshikawa, you have your name...
...right here.
Your name is in the same room
as Anko and the others.
What did you say?!
Wow! It's true!
Here is Yoshikawa's name.!
What does this mean?!
Why is a boy in the girls' room?!
That's all right once in a while.
That's not all right!
What?! In my room,
the others are all boys!
Wow! We're in the same room
as Kikuchi and Murai!
Boys and girls are all mixed up!
What are you thinking?
Boys and girls together in the rooms!
Please explain this, teacher!
It will be interesting.
Onizuka-sensei...
Oh, look! Kanzaki-san!
This room number!
Don't you notice something?!
What is it?
It's "0080."
"0080 War in the Pocket."
You haven't seen Gundam's OVA?
- No...
- It's a masterpiece!
Especially in the scene where
Bernie went in with Zaku II Kai...
... it is melancholy...
By the way,
which episode do you like best?
Based on your answer,
we'll know all about you.
It's like a blood type reading.
Yeah, it's "Gundam reading."
I did it, too.
If you like Zeta, you have
a desire for destruction...
Really? Then how about G?
Those who watch it are kids.
That's Char.
You noticed it?!
Hey, why don't we guess
which one Kanzaki-san likes?
My guess is Bright Hassaway.
That's really dark...
Yeah. I've read the book.
I recorded the tapes in 8mm...
...so let's have a Gundam Screening
to watch them.
Oh, Kanzaki-san will like it, too!
No! I don't like this room!
I don't understand what
they're saying! Not at all!
AWAMORI SIIZA ANISEN EN
(AWAMORI CAESAR 2000 YEN)
Do you understand?
Don't come on this side of the table!
If you do, we'll scream
"Sexual Molester!"
Why do we need to sleep
in such a small area?!
Why are you making such a fuss?
If you're a man, take it!
You complain too much!
You are narrow-minded!
What?! You're the ones
who are narrow-minded!
Sexual Molester!
What's with this
room arrangement?!
It's terrible!
That's right! Especially if we have
to be with Onizuka's henchmen.
Then you shouldn't
have come, like Aizawa!
Darn Onizuka!
What was he thinking?!
He put us with Saeko.!
What are you doing?
I've never heard of boys
and girls in the same rooms.
Do you understand this school trip
is part of class?! Class!
Then it shouldn't be a problem.
They always have class together.
What logic! What are you going
to do if something happens?!
Anyway, Class 4 has
their own way of doing things.
What kind of attitude is that?!
I'll make sure they have
a memorable time.
Why is he deciding by himself?
This isn't good.
If the parents find out about this,
it will be a big problem...
That's all right.
The one who has to take
responsibility for this...
...is Onizuka-sensei...
From now on,
I'll let you sleep in this room.
Room...?
This is a balcony...
Shut up!
It's nice to have a roof, right?
But how about a toilet...?
Why don't you do it from here?
No way...
If you want to blame someone,
blame Onizuka!
Done with cleaning garbage!
Ah, it's cool.!
Hey, who takes a bath first?
It's terrible, teacher...
To arrange our rooms like this...
I don't want to sleep here.
I feel like a ghost may appear...
Shhhh! Be quiet!
Don't surprise me, teacher!
You're not a bat!
So how is the school trip
during nighttime?
Are you enjoying it?
Do I look like I'm enjoying it?
Because of you, I have to fight off
mosquitoes while sleeping tonight.
If I get malaria, it's your fault.
Don't think so negatively.
You're with the girls!
Why don't you enjoy it just a little bit?!
Don't you understand
how thoughtful I am?
Under these circumstances,
how can I enjoy myself?
Don't you understand? There are
many ways. For example...
...observing a woman's body...
Look at them!
They've thought they kicked
you out, and they're relaxing.
Wow! She's taking off her bra!
It isn't good, teacher!
If they find out you're doing it...
Don't worry.
I'll let you see this soon...
No... I don't...
- You!
- No...
Don't worry. Don't be shy.!
It's not every day that
you see something like this!
That is...
What are you peeping at?!
You pervert!
No, no! I was tempted by the devil...
The devil?
There is no such thing!
Don't make such a stupid excuse!
If you peep again,
I won't forgive you!
Here!
Whew! That was close!
You're terrible. You hid without me.
It's all my fault...
You are pitiful!
You let the girls pick on you.
Why don't you take
revenge a little bit?
Of course I can't!
They outnumber me and are taller
than I am. There is no way I can win.
I'm telling you to show them
that you're a man!
If you can't win physically,
use your head! Right?!
Use your head!
For example, how...?
Let's see...
For example...
...how about hanging yourself...?
What?!
Hey, Anko. Isn't it better
to let Yoshikawa in the room?
I think we went too far...
Why?
Because it will be a problem...
...if he tried to commit
suicide like last time...
What are you worrying about?
There is no way he'll die!
Onizuka can't always help him.
If he had that much courage...
...he would have been
dead a long time ago.
But...
No! He's hanging himself!
No way!
That's why I told you!
We went too far!
It has nothing to do with me!
It's your fault! Your fault!
Anyway, we have to help him!
There may still be time!
He isn't here.
No way! I was certain just now...
We didn't see it right...
How...?
Because he isn't here!
The rope might be cut
and he might have fallen down...
Check it, Anko!
Why me?!
It's your fault! You're the one
who kicked him out to the balcony!
You were enjoying it, too!
Anyway, hurry up!
All right... I'll look, okay?!
Even if I see Yoshikawa's body,
I won't get scared...
How is it?
He isn't there.
It's strange...
No! Don't come closer!
Don't come! I apologize.!
Yoshikawa! Go to heaven!
I got those faces!
Look! Yoshikawa!
Their faces are terrified!
See, they're seriously scared!
Great performance!
You looked like a real zombie.
Even though they act like bullies,
they're still girls!
What's going on?
Oh, that was fun!
Then I'm going back...
What?!
Then get along well
as roommates. See ya!
What happened?!
Yoshikawa! You.!
Sorry! Again,
I was tempted by a devil!
Everyone, please listen to me
while you're eating breakfast.
Today, after your free time...
...in the morning, we're going...
...to see a colony
of Yaeyama Palm Trees.
The meeting time is
1 :00 in the parking lot.
What happened
to your face, Yoshikawa?
You look like Joe's face
after the boxing match.
Well, I was roughed up
just a little bit by Uehara-san...
If you do it again, I'll kill you.
What are you smiling at,
Yoshikawa?!
No, nothing...
See?! Again!
Hey! Be quiet during breakfast!
So how was yesterday?
Did you guys get along after that?
You see my face, don't you?
I was hit a lot.
But you had fun, didn't you?
Your face is saying so.
Kind of...
But they're girls after all. It's funny.
They couldn't sleep at all after that.
They were playing cards all night.
It was a great success!
Yoshikawa.
You somehow look like a man now.
What?
It's like you became a real man...
Let's see...
Let's confirm it with the evidence.!
What are you doing?!
Stop it!
Anko, are you leaving them alone?
So what happened last night?
Tell me! Please!
Watch me, Onizuka.
I'll never forgive him.!
Oretachino miraiwa
dokoe tonde yukuno darouka
Kitto atenonai tabidakara
hitasura tonde yuku dakesa
Doushiyoumo naku yarusenai
mainichiwo tomete kuretara
Antano iukoto
subete nandemo kikusa
Zaisanga ikura attemo
nanikaga tarinai oretachiwa
Kawaranai kono kazeto
nioiga subete nanosa
Oretachino ashitawo
imamo sagashiteru tokoro
Waratcha damedaze
hontouni dokoka kiesou dakara
Oreno yuganda imano serifuwo
wasurenaide kureyo
Mou yoruwa owarisou
dakara imawo hashirinuke youka
Oretachiwa imaga subete
Oretachiwa imaga subetesa
Owaranai yoruga hajimaru
Kimeteyaruze konya
NEXT EPISODE
What are you scheming?
What are you doing?!
Onizuka-sensei! A box has appeared!
What?!
I... I... So it isn't me!
SEE YA NEXT TIME